MP2 buglog
 
Empty black bar for status bar, had to make changes to mazegame.c.
 
Bottom wall behind status bar, subtracted 18 (status_y_dim) from image_y_dim.
 
The timer didn’t reset per level, had to set total to 0 when goto_next_level is active.
 
Timer was moving too fast, created new variable time that divided the ticks by 32 to give the time in seconds 
instead of the faster rate of rtc ticks.
 
String to buffer wrote a block of the text colour because buffer was 1440 pixels. Fixed by iterating through 
buffer pixel by pixel, recreating buffer of 5760 pixels because of 4 planes. 
 
Text was not printing properly, was distorted. Fixed show_status_bar, copy_status_bar function to add loop index 
and multiply by 1440 for planar offset.
 
Wasn’t masking properly, had to account for character being 12 pixels wide in draw_mask_block and had to create 
a save_mask function that stores the buffer in the image data

For the gradient for changing player colour, the initial transition was from white to black and then it was smooth
To fix this I set the starting values of the colours to 0x3E so that it goes the 0x3F next then starts at 0x00 again,
making it smooth throughout.

For loop initial declaration outside c99 mode, cannot declare variables inside for loop.

Prints floating fruit text and goes to next level instantly. Then started printing text but keeping on each frame
not following the player around, following the player but staying on each position player moves. Was returning
the fruit_time in unveil around player instead of just setting the value, this fixed jumping to next level but 
the text was either not moving or moved and stayed in each frame. Needed to declare string_height as static variable
to be stored, now string appears and follows player but for very short time.

Tux buttons were not working. First in the driver it was meant to be active low but I had implemented as active high, changing 
that my buttons started registering in input.c test. Then the player was not moving in the game, so I set the value in button
to replace that of time in status bar and the tux buttons were producing values, I had the wrong values set. Then it still didnt 
work with the right values and I found I hadnt called the right ioctl functions in main function in mazegame.c.